In this module,
we will cover Eclipse, or rather Spring STS Integration with Maven.
All modern IDEs have Maven integration and can be configured using <aven.
We're going to cover installing Spring STS,
which is actually just a flavor of Eclipse with some
plugins and some nice things added into it.
Then we're going to look at converting an existing project over
to Maven to use Maven to configure the IDE.
We're going to look at importing projects that are also using Maven.
Then we will look at the various features,
including the POM Viewer and the Dependency Overview tool.
Next we'll look at how we can add a dependency in our IDE,
and it makes things a little bit easier,
as well as the dependency hierarchy, and how dependencies are resolved,
including transitive dependencies.
Lastly,
we'll look at the Effective POM, and what is your Effective POM inside your application?